Change use sock recommended (#72)
yuki-yano/zeno.zsh: README.md

# if setting fzf-tmux options
# export ZENO_FZF_TMUX_OPTIONS="-p"

> # Recommended: Use UNIX Domain Socket
> # if disable
> # export ZENO_ENABLE_SOCK=0

Reviewer: I suggest changing the variable.
Expecting default values to be empty is a good design for zero configuration.

```suggestion
# by default a unix domain socket is used
# if disable it
# export ZENO_DISABLE_SOCK=1
```

Also change the line in file *shell/function/zeno-call-client-and-fallback*.

```diff
--- a/shell/function/zeno-call-client-and-fallback
+++ b/shell/function/zeno-call-client-and-fallback
@@ -1,6 +1,6 @@
 #autoload
 
-if [[ -n $ZENO_ENABLE_SOCK ]]; then
+if [[ -z $ZENO_DISABLE_SOCK ]]; then
   (( $+functions[zeno-client] )) || zeno-enable-sock
   if [[ -S $ZENO_SOCK ]]; then
     zeno-client "$@"
```
